Add versioning info (#90)
restatedev/service-protocol: service-invocation-protocol.md

    |                             Length                            |
    +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+

## Endpoint discovery

Restate expects SDKs to provide reflective information about the exposed services and the supported protocol versions at

> `/discovery`.

Reviewer: I don't see how to use the accept header or some custom header to specify a supported version range. I think it would be good to specify how we envision providing the version range even if it is not implemented and defaults to the range `v1..v1`.

Author: Oh sorry i thought it was not needed, let me add it

The returned manifest schema is specified in [endpoint_manifest_schema.json](./endpoint_manifest_schema.json). The
content-type of the returned manifest MUST be `application/vnd.restate.endpointmanifest.vX+json`, where `X` is the
manifest version. For example:

```http request
content-type: application/vnd.restate.endpointmanifest.v1+json

> ```

Reviewer: I am wondering about the `content-type` header in the response: What if the server does not support this version? There would be no way to tell the SDK please use a version from this range `x..y`. Would it maybe make more sense to version the discovery endpoint via `/v1/discovery`, `/v2/discovery`, etc.? That way the runtime can explicitly state which version it wants to use (at the cost of having to iterate over a few endpoints if the SDK does not support a newer version). Alternatively, one might be able to encode the accepted range of response versions in the accept header?

Author: >  Alternatively, one might be able to encode the accepted range of response versions in the accept header?

Currently I think we should go down this road. Also we should evolve this manifest in a backward compatible way, adding only optional fields.

Reviewer: Yes agreed that we should try to evolve it in a backwards compatible way. The only important thing right now is to have a way out of the worst case where we need to introduce a new version.

Author: The `Accept` header can be a good way to go IMO.

    |                             Length                            |
    +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+

## Endpoint discovery

Restate expects SDKs to provide reflective information about the exposed services and the supported protocol versions at
`/discovery`.

The returned manifest schema is specified in [endpoint_manifest_schema.json](./endpoint_manifest_schema.json). The
content-type of the returned manifest MUST be `application/vnd.restate.endpointmanifest.vX+json`, where `X` is the
manifest version. For example:

> ```http request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```http response
```

content-type: application/vnd.restate.endpointmanifest.v1+json
```

> When sending the discovery request, the Restate runtime might specify a version range in the `Accept` header, for
> example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending the discovery request, the Restate runtime might specify a set of versions in the `Accept` header, for
example:
```

> example:

Reviewer: Maybe also add that the SDK must use one of the specified versions to respond.

Author: i would like to the accept specification instead, as it described what to do in failure cases too.

```http request
accept: application/vnd.restate.endpointmanifest.v2+json, application/vnd.restate.endpointmanifest.v1+json

> ```

Reviewer: I would move this part above the response part.
